well howdy they don't know the people
let's bow again so tonight we're gonna
talk about that shooting out there in
Houston four cops got shot looks during
a botched robbery
looks like the reason they got shot is
going to be the reason it always is
either they Telegraph their movements or
they didn't perform a proper threat
assessment or they did and they ignored
it whatever as much as we talk about
those things we're not going to talk
about it tonight because some cuts
happened after the shooting the police
union president guy named Joe Jamal D
came out they made a statement I'm gonna
read that statement so I want make sure
I get it right if you're the ones that
are out there spreading the rhetoric the
police officers are the enemy just know
we've all got your number now we're
going to be keeping track of all of
y'all and we're going to make sure that
we hold you accountable every time you
stir a pot on our police officers Wow
wow that is that is something else very
interesting statement but back to the
training aspect of it there happens to
be a group out in Texas that I know most
of them live there now get them to come
out and train your department for three
days you know around 30 grand however I
talked to them tonight
and they'll come out and train 15
officer to your choosing for free but
they have a condition and that condition
is the Joe Jamal D resigned see people
who are actually out there trying to
protect their community they understand
that freedom is the bedrock of safety
they understand the freedom of speech
and the ability to criticize your
government or stir the pot against your
government is pretty important if you
don't want to be cast as the enemy don't
be the enemy of freedom you representing
an armed branch of government do not get
to tell people what they can and cannot
talk about we have a whole part
Constitution about this so there you go
now the question is mr. Grimaldi you
care about your officers enough to
resign so they can get the training they
need for free or not see I think I've
got your number anyway it's just a fault
y'all have a good night hey dinner's
ready